expand disk using console and cli (#400)
EventStore/documentation: docs/cloud/ops/disk_expand.md

﻿# Expanding disks

> Disk can be extended, to accomodate database growth,through the [Cloud Console](https://console.eventstore.cloud/) and the [Event Store Cloud CLI](https://github.com/EventStore/esc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A disk can be expanded on-demand, to accommodate database growth, through the [Cloud Console](https://console.eventstore.cloud/) and the [Event Store Cloud CLI](https://github.com/EventStore/esc)
```

See also the cloud [sizing guide](/cloud/provision/cloud-instance-guidance/#sizes) for general guidance. 

> 

Reviewer: **SUGGESTION:** There are redundant double empty lines around the note.

::: note 
Limitations:  
* on AWS expanding disks is subject to a rate limit, see [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/APIReference/API_ModifyVolume.html) for more information.  
* on Azure, it is currently not possible to expand disks. To increase disk size you need to perform a backup and restore or replicate to a cluster with larger disks.

> :::

Reviewer: **QUESTION:** No limitations on GCP?

Author: nope

## Using the Cloud Console

> To expand disks in the console, navigate to the clusters view and click on the _Expand Disks_ icon.

Reviewer: **QUESTION:** Shall we be using capital letters for console or only if we're giving the full name? The same question applies to the command line below.

> ::: card

Reviewer: **SUGGESTION:** Might be worth adding empty lines around cards.

![cluster list](./images/disk_expand_list.png)
:::
On the detail page specify the new disk size and click on _Expand cluster disk_.
::: card
![cluster_expand_detail](./images/disk_expand_detail.png)
:::

## Using the command line

To expand disks with  the command line, use the `cluster expand` command, where `--id` is the cluster id. 

> ``` bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```
